foreign
[Music]
hello and welcome to another episode of
the face podcast my name is Jeff Ramsey
with me as always Andrew Panton and
Gavin Free my two favorite people in the
world sorry Millie but you're not
listening to this anyway so it's okay uh
what episode are we at does anybody have
any idea 121 I believe yeah once I once
I quit chronicling uh your volume uh etc
etc season I just completely lost it
I'll be honest I was a fan of the
volumes of the chapters of the years and
the volumes I was I was too Gathering I
was too I don't I I feel like we weren't
against it as much as I didn't
understand the system Andrew and Eric
refused they were very they were very
against it uh they're very clearly
against it they said no no more Jeff
fine you know we have no Nick and Eric
today we wore those little guys out this
morning Gavin we went out uh it was
baseball's round two how'd it go I'm
very excited to hear about this well let
me you know what I mean I know how I
think it went let me ask you gab how do
you think it went uh I think you came
out there you were potentially in worse
shape you've been recently injured
easily in worship and uh you cracked out
more hits than you did last time are you
serious he I think he had a streak of
about 15 hits at one point it's a chef
I had a good morning I'll say heaven is
right dude uh I am in worse shape than
last time I hit the balls that is uh not
by design it is the unfortunate side
effect of of having uh the jock itch and
the uh the bike falls and the vasectomy
uh I just haven't been able to get on my
bike or do any kind of exercise all
pretty much all summer and so I came in
about 10 pounds heavier and Wayward I
came very close to vomiting twice
really yeah
I had to take breaks to go sit in the
Dugout and pour water on my head yeah
you have to sit in the breeze and he was
just sort of LED over
the way not to hell yeah I was I was
very close to vomiting very close but I
was able to hold it in
um yeah and so we went to a different
ballpark this one uh the fence was at
315 feet so not the I don't know maybe
200 the other one was I will say I
[__] tried my hardest I did not hit
one out of the park damn but I got close
yeah I was I was I was pinging 270 uh
pretty pretty consistently I think one
of them looked pretty like 290-ish from
where I was did yeah and I think I'm I'm
like uh I'll go ahead and say it I'm 100
sure I can hit one over that fence uh I
I don't want to make excuses a being out
of shape but b um that bat I use the
same bat you know because the only one I
have it's getting pretty Gammy it
probably weighs an extra four pounds and
it's got like dirt and [__] sticking off
of it and grass it's probably like an
inch wider than it was it's not the best
bat in the world to hit the balls with
anymore but you know I I prize
consistency
um and then the pitching machine this
time was Wackadoo I would say like
Andrew probably one out of every four
pitches was a strike over the plate
really and that got pretty frustrating
because I hit about
200 balls today maybe 225 somewhere
around there was my limit and uh and
that's it that's it like from this point
on we're gonna do it again we have
another 250 balls that's gonna be where
we do this that's where we're gonna
that's when we do the different dips of
paint and Gavin okay and and Nick and
Eric can hit and we can just everybody
can have their own color signature and
we you know uh
let's get a pitching machine for that
one let's get a better pitching well
yeah sure now that you guys are gonna
hit we'll get a better picture because I
don't know if it came across in the
videos last time but that pitching
machine is it basically is like a a leaf
blower tube cutting off yeah the
spinning Tire inside and every time you
drop a ball in the tire grips it and
throws the ball but what you don't
really see is that the tire is now
spinning at like 30 the speed that it
was before so you can't immediately dump
another ball yeah because yeah not very
fast so you have to wait for it to spin
up to speed and if it goes too fast and
it goes too high it's the nightmare that
thing so is it the same machine that you
used yeah it's the same and was it as
bad the first time or has it just it's
gotten worse it's gotten way worse
fascinating yeah way worse uh and it's
frustrating too because like the first
pitch will be uh nine feet high and then
the second feet will hit hit the ground
three and a half feet before the plate
and then the third pitch uh hooks that
takes a dog leg right at my crotch and
then the fourth pitch
so I got I started to get so frustrated
and I just like I stopped trying to hit
dingers and I just tried to because I
was just getting bored of like watching
pitches go by and I I was having a lot
of luck signing him like the signatures
look way better this time around because
I was liberal I was Bernie Sanders with
the paint dude
and uh how it was slinging everywhere
and uh so I just thought I was like [__]
it I'm gonna swing for every single bad
pitch and I was able to connect with 99
of them just because I wasn't trying to
put it over the fence
um it was just so much fun though so I
uh I didn't bring my big camera this
time just because I need to use it soon
for other work and I don't want it yeah
covered in paint or smash so I use my
phone and now the back of my phone has a
nice sort of bumpy house paint job and
there's a little bit of black paint on
my green card which I'm gonna try and
scratch off at some point
on the back of it
I've been uh I've been pulling uh black
paint out of my arm hair all day
um except for except for the right side
where I was like oh weird there's no
black paint on this side I wonder why
and then I realized I remembered over
the weekend uh I or Monday for Labor Day
I grilled uh like a really nice steak
for Emily and I and uh I was not paying
attention to what I was doing I was
listening to a podcast or something
while I was doing while I was grilling
and I scored it a little bit too much
lighter fluid
and I set up a bomb that burned all of
the hair off of my right arm
didn't cause any damage to the skin but
I came back inside and I held it up to
Emily and I was just like look at this
and she was like oh my god do we need to
go to the hospital and I just like I
just took my hand and brushed my arm
here and it just all hit the ground in
like little little bird nug little
nubbins it was that's a clear example of
how Emily are different because if you
came in like that my first thought would
be oh my God are the stakes okay
fantastic
well Jeff I think you're stronger than a
machine is what we've established you're
Better Built than the machine used to
pitch the ball you have only improved
over time when it has lessened here's
what pisses me off about it too
um I I hit a rhythm about a hundred
balls in when I was like I was really
really starting to see the ball I was
making contact nine out of every 10
pitches that I swung at and uh and I was
hitting them pretty consistently like to
about 250 to 275 dead center field and
that's also like right as I'm dialing in
and I'm starting to hit my groove that's
also when my body starts to shut down uh
for lack of cardio and so like right as
I was like starting to feel it I started
to feel it uh the other way and so it
was like a constant battle between like
man it's like the epitome of the mind is
willing you know but the body yeah the
body's a [__] [__]
um yeah I I'm actually I was thinking
about on the way home I'm actually kind
of mad at myself for the alcoholism
thing because if I hadn't been so
distracted by booze in my 30s I could
have played so much [__] baseball it
is so much fun and I feel so
like
I don't know maybe it's just like
growing up in America and watching
baseball all the time and playing little
league and [__] but I just feel so
connected to it like it just feels like
it just like it just feels I feel good
at it you know like I want to do it more
yeah at one point after you came back
for a rest after hitting probably 80
Bulls uh you said you it was off to you
with slept over trying not to vomit you
just went back and you were like man I
hate this age
[Laughter]
it's easy to forget that out of the
[__] 47 year old dude out there doing
that you know so are you gonna try to
pursue playing baseball recreationally
or do you think it's specifically the
hitting part of the game you enjoy do
you think you'd have fun in an actual
game or you're on second base or
whatever just waiting yeah I would love
to play like Sandlot baseball uh I love
I love playing I like to pitch
um I would love to play I'm scared to
death of playing in field it's too it's
too much math it's too many it's too
mean it's like too much knowing which
scenario to throw to so I much prefer to
play Outfield
um but uh we're worst case scenery just
throw the ball home you know you can't
go wrong yeah uh
oh it's baseball gets stressful in the
moment it's it's all about making snap
decisions and making the right snap
decision based on the environment and uh
but I don't think so because I'm just
not good at scheduling stuff now you
know I'm at the age where it's like it's
hard for me to show up on a point at an
appointment or in order to want to make
an appointment and so I just like life
life so gets in the way you know every
day I just don't think it's a reality
but I'll continue to hit these baseballs
as long as the audience wants
autographed baseballs it is so much fun
to do and I'm so excited to get Gavin
and Eric and Nick involved too that will
I think way more signed balls from this
batch so I think if you buy from this
slot you'll you're more likely to get a
a nice paint stain yeah interesting I
didn't I didn't I didn't strike out a
lot uh today
um also uh uh
Blaine and Andrew showed up to help uh
not you Andrew the uh Ericsson Andrew
showed up to uh to help uh catch balls
and that was really appreciative too so
I want to say thank you to them
um sweet yeah Wayne gave me sunscreen
and lent me a hat
Blaine gave Gavin uh I thought he was
being funny but I don't think he was no
he was being he knew when he was doing
well I don't know
he brought a tube of the most viscous
sunscreen it was like it came out like
toothpaste and he just was squeezing it
on my hand and it was like you got
enough you need more and he just kept
squeezing it into like a big dog turd on
my hand and uh I couldn't rub it all in
I was offering it around and eventually
I just made it on my shin and I just
kept the mound of sunscreen on my shin
for the entire day what used to get from
my leg and stuff did you see him use the
sunscreen Gavin
no
no interest let's see how you're feeling
tomorrow
[Laughter]
Nick can I tell you guys
um before we get off the baseball thing
I uh I I encountered a little bit of
friction with my with my girlfriend over
this for like the first time oh no not
bad but like the other day uh she was
actually last night she was like uh what
do you got going on the rest of the week
and I was like oh I'm getting up and I'm
hitting the baseballs tomorrow morning
and she goes really I was like what do
you mean and she was like
you can barely walk you just go you're
just now getting over your bike injury
before that it was the jock itch and the
and the vasectomy and then the jock itch
before that like you have been you've
been you've been a neutered physical
mess for like three months and you're
and do you remember how you felt after
the last time you hit the baseballs and
I was like I felt pretty bad and she was
like you were [__] up you were [__]
up for three straight weeks and I was
like yeah and she's like and you're
gonna do that again tomorrow and I was
like I guess so and she's just like
and then uh
and then today I was so excited like I
knew I was in worse shape but I was
thinking like I'm gonna stretch better I
know what to expect so I think I'll
probably fare better right uh physically
and I feel by the way I feel [__]
great right now
um I came home I immediately ran a hot
bath filled it with epsom salts got into
the bathtub and thought I'm just gonna
sit here and let my muscles relax and
I'll be completely okay I looked at my
phone and it said 12 19 p.m and I
thought why does that matter to me I
don't have face till three o'clock why
would I care that it's why does 1219
seem bad and I was like uh so then I
like slowly looked hit my calendar and
sure enough I was supposed to be at
rooster teeth at one o'clock to do this
interview show thing and I was like God
damn it and I had to rush out of the
bath and then throw clothes on and then
immediately go to work I took off I took
a 45 second bath and then immediately
you now know my pain when I when I saw
Kevin you wanna when he beat the Halo
time you can now relate to the sadness
of realizing you have to get out
immediately as soon as you get dead
absolutely dude I feel your pain it
sucks what's kind of interesting about
all the baseballs we hit is that I'm
pretty sure some of them were hit while
the queen was alive and some of them
were hit after she died like that's
exactly what we were doing I think the
moment Queen Elizabeth died yeah my
condolences uh to like honest
condolences to to everybody uh affected
uh by the Queen's death that's very very
sad of it and um however life I read a
stat today and I texted to you and Eric
Jeff the uh the queen has the queen was
alive for 30 of all the presidents she
was the queen yeah isn't that crazy she
was the queen during the presidential
I'll get 14 different presents let's say
30 of our country essentially I mean it
doesn't shake out that way because of
like how many terms the president had
but yeah but still it's roughly and
Harry S Truman who only exists in
history books distantly exists in
history books to me was the president
when she uh took over the monarchy that
is insane yeah Winston Churchill was the
Prime Minister when she became Queen and
then she just put in the newest prime
minister that just happened this week
and those two people were born 101 years
apart those two prime ministers she also
she also uh presided over 15 Prime
Ministers if I
if I've survived for 30 of the
presidencies 15 Prime Ministers but not
the Game of Thrones books finishing I
would be so [__] mad I would be livid
be so frustrating
[Laughter]
she was still born like 60
for the first Game of Thrones books no I
understand but it's just it is they're
taking forever they're taking a long
book If I Was A Game of Thrones fan I
don't know if she read the books I don't
know what she was into from a literary
perspective but I'd be like what are you
doing like I get it's tough but be so
frustrating I got news for you I think
we're all gonna be frustrated I don't
think that's I don't think JJ or George
R Martin said JJ Martin I don't think
George RR Martin is in any danger of
finishing those last two books anytime
soon and he uh let's just say he hasn't
he hasn't lived as healthy a life as the
queen did I suspect how old is he he's
got to be in the 60s or 70s right I'd
assume 70s yeah but I just don't think
there's any need for him to finish I
just don't if I was him I don't know why
I would finish that's a weird thing I
guess it's not gonna please everyone
people are gonna be annoyed he's 73.
yeah he's he's basically made something
so successful the people are annoyed at
him that it's not finished I disagree I
think that it will please I think that
the books will please everybody because
here's the deal the T the people that
love Game of Thrones the TV show aren't
necessarily reading the books and but
everybody who reads the book I don't
know anybody who's read the books who
didn't like them I wonder how close the
ending of the show matches with what he
planned on doing very different
interesting yeah supposedly very
different and that's part of uh maybe he
was thinking of doing it the way the
show did it and then just thought
it's such a weird scenario yeah it's a
great it's it's it's a free a b testing
right they throw it out there yeah
it's like putting your book into Early
Access I'll do something different with
Clegane then all right
I have a clip oh no but a clip Kevin has
a clip oh I was informed of this
yesterday and I've decided to not be
concerned because last time I went on
the aggressive and it actually helped me
I don't remember what the clip was but
it's the first time that it wasn't
directed at me
so this time I'm just gonna let it
happen I'm not worried about it I
haven't planned anything what's your
clip Gavin uh this is a clip from an
episode two weeks ago September
2022. previously my chair had been
broken for months and I had continued to
use it out of the hope that it would
completely collapse while we're
recording at one point it finally it hit
its last legs last night
I ate [__] and I was so disappointed
that it was not on the show I had been
hoping so this was after you talked
about it breaking last time this has
happened yes this was that was after it
was broken but I was still making it
work and now I have to go buy a new
chair because I didn't dump you off it
dumped me yesterday
okay
um September
2021 oh yeah
broken desktop
chair for this podcast start
my dream was that it would break while
we were recording
that's the same story back to back and
uh yesterday I dropped something and I
went I bent down to pick it up although
the chair and the chairs broke finally
it was the end dumped me on the floor
and then obviously we've got
all over that last one's from the Fourth
of July party I like the fact that you
are a Serial chair breaker almost
once a year now we get a story like the
one that you told last week that surely
wasn't the same chair that was a
different cheer story just happened very
similarly both and so like right around
the same time like it's about every
September that's fast September 2022
September 2021 and then in November 2020
you told the uh the Fourth of July one
but
I think you talked recently about how
your chair was breaking and you hoped it
was going to break it how many chairs
have you broken I've broken three chairs
you've just documented all three all the
chairs that broke so how I don't know if
I told the story of the podcast how the
last one I had broke why it got broken
was that there so it has armrests on it
that like go up and down and it was a
time in which I had really hurt like I
was dealing with an ankle issue that was
really bad and so my bed is level with
my chair and so I would roll out of the
chair into the bed and then roll out of
the bed onto the chair so I'd go back
and forth I rolled onto the bed
forgetting to raise the armrest and I
took the whole chair down with me and
that is what initially [__] that chair
up because I took it I landed on it on
its side and then it was chair three
that was chair three yeah so it was what
was the issue with chair two because
chair too the day before cheer two I
owned for like a decade and it just
progressively broke over okay it was
just a natural failing of it the the
chair three had only a one year life
lifespan like almost a perfect year and
it's ever since that fall it could never
fully recover and then I partially broke
it a second time sort of in a similar
way to the second chair where the front
was tilted the entire time uh and then
it just it finally gave when I I went
into the Tony Hawk Grind Mode trying to
pick something up
I that was that was I was so excited for
next year's chair story I can't I don't
I don't know what's gonna happen I don't
want any more trading stores I have a
question here Gavin are you saying that
you've been using the same chair this
entire the entirety of this podcast yeah
oh yeah I got this chair in
2016 I think how many chairs have you
gone through I'm on my third chair he's
on Jeff's on the third chair what about
you I the others didn't break but like
well one of them broke the first one was
like half you know how like uh
like the Hydraulics break on a chair and
it won't stay up anymore just like
slowly sinks down I got rid of one of
those and then I got a second chair and
it was just uncomfortable so now I'm on
my third maybe my fourth chair honestly
I feel like uh I feel like it's a this
is a revolving chair podcast it is yeah
that was I didn't mention it either that
was one of my favorite things that broke
on once I went into the Tony Hawk like
before that when it was really broken
but not fully dead the Hydraulics broke
on it so every time I'd get off of it it
would slowly raise to its highest point
and it would shut down whatever it was
fantastic it's a lot of fun I'm sad that
that chair is dead
I think we should get you a chair that
will last maybe a custom chair ah yeah
I'm not opposed to that idea at all I'm
fine with this chair right now I'll get
a year out of this ideally and then
maybe so is this a new one you've got
now yes it is well relatively now I
guess whenever the last one broke since
that point yeah here's something I want
to talk about that you just reminded me
of okay I saw a thing I I saw as it was
posted I believe on the subreddit
there's a tick tock of a cup that got
invented they took some of the gurpler
technology what it's a real thing
I wish I could find you know how in my
design document I pitched the idea of
like a deck a cards when you fan it out
like that would be the top that you
close there's a cup that does that let
me see if I can find the post yeah I
need to I need visuals I'm confused if
this is the thing that I came up with
and someone else also came up with and
created or if I saw it before I don't
remember how I came to that point of
Designing the group let's see if it's on
the subreddit or actually I know where I
could find it but it's if you remember
like my cup ridiculous designer had the
parachute it had the wings on the side
of it but
it had Wheels yeah just you want to
slide it down uh but the main one of the
main points of design was I wanted a top
that you could fan to close so it could
be open or closed so in the event that
you're worried it would it would spill
uh one second here
um have you ever broken a chair Gavin uh
oh I must have broken one at work at
some point I would imagine you've broken
everything breakable at work
uh
well I mean Jeremy burnt my desk
[Music]
that's true hey while you're looking for
this can I just say uh on a whim I
looked on the store just before we
started recording do you know what's
what we still have more of that's still
in stock
uh grow tubes grow tubes yeah we have
done a phenomenally piss-poor job of
telling you oh terrible that the ground
tubes are in the store I'm sure by the
time you hear this they'll be gone but
they've been in the store for like three
weeks and nobody has cared or noticed we
haven't posted a single time I think we
might have posted once like right when
they hit uh but we certainly haven't
talked about it and promoted it like we
do like if we could sell a thousand bat
knobs and a thousand uh uh Pink porta
potty Tiki mugs I would think we could
sell I think the growing tubes are
arguably great we're arguably more
desired uh for sure and uh than those
other two items and we just uh
we've had like 600 of them just like
sitting there collecting dust and I just
I can't believe uh I can't believe we've
done it's I'll I'll take the plane for
it it's all my fault I [__] up this uh
I in my head because they were at RTX
uh and you could buy them at our
convention then they had already been
out and they had already existed and I
just have not been able to flip that
switch in my head well it's been it kind
of came at an unfortunate time where
they were available in our store around
the same time we were filming survived
Block Island meltdown yeah so we're all
busy doing something else and then by
the time like that was such a an event
to get through that by the time we
finished that it just sort of I think
slipped all of our minds for different
reasons yeah I hope uh I hope we do a
better job with this round of baseballs
because we put some work into them today
I'm sure we will and it sounds like all
of the issues have been sorted out with
the store as far as release time goes
yes I think so I think so okay yeah so
here's the the cup so you can see it has
a Twist oh it's like a sphincter lid
and you seal it and it's the coolest
thing I've ever seen though that was
part of my design yet the Fanning you
twist it you could seal it and through
you're so brilliant I think I might be a
little like maybe 10 cup genius
I I don't think the other things are
radical if it's oh if it's on the straw
you could tighten the straw yeah I mean
I didn't even that's an innovation I did
not consider but it just it's weird to
come up with something and then see it
actually executed in a way that is
better than you could have imagined but
it's still like the base idea is the
same I think you need to do we still
have access to online law firms I think
that we should we're gonna hire our Lord
to shoot the [__] out of tick tock
yeah
an old system what has happened with the
gerp lair why we have we sold those yet
just talking about stuff I'm excited
we're getting them we're getting them
made they're being made I don't know
what the status of them is but uh I I
feel like it's just the same thing we
always say supply chain you know yes
like [__] it's harder to get uh get
manufactured
um but yeah we're definitely making
gerblers and I anticipate the gerbler
being hopefully the all-time like best
received best best sold item uh the
space has because I I really do think
that that's uh that's pretty nice I
think it's too useful
laughs
we haven't got them in our hands yet
Kevin I feel like the face Nails useless
crap knob oh
what if we drill a hole in the bottom of
every gurbler
I didn't about using the gerbler
a monthly subscription for the plug to
seal the whole
like it will be [__] up in a way that
we did not anticipate I think that's
locked in like there will be some issue
with it it'll it'll be spelled it'll be
like gruple or something
foreign
well I just ran out baseballs I just
want to say I'm impressed Jeff you did a
great job it sounds like I'm excited to
see the products released I honestly
thought that you would have had a drop
off because I've never done the baseball
things but as somebody who did Burgers
multiple times every time I did Burgers
I felt like I lost a little bit of
myself and each attempt after was a step
back or it was more of a struggle even
if I did better like it just was a more
difficult thing to get through so the
fact that you have only improved in your
hitting even though your body is in a
worse State oh it's truly impressive
well I thanks man and I I appreciate it
I will admit that I was a bit afraid
that I I I over performed because it was
in front of my girlfriend and her
parents the first time you know which uh
a lot a lot of pressure
I could have like that could have like
her parents could have walked away and
been like you you gotta dump this dude
he's [__] he can't hit a 45 mile an
hour ball to save his life and we had no
beans waiting for us this time nice yeah
no beans this time either so it was it
was affirming uh to get the feeling that
it wasn't beginner's luck I I I
appreciate that
foreign
this ad is brought to you by hellofresh
America's number one meal kit have a
pack scheduled this fall hellofresh's
meals covered with a weekly selection of
30 plus recipes and 70 plus convenience
items all delivered to your door now
more than ever we're all looking for
ways to save money in fact hellofresh is
25 less expensive than takeout and is
even cheaper than grocery shopping too
hellofers is here to make your hectic
weeknights a little easier and a lot
more delicious they're quick and easy
meals including 20 minute meals low prep
and easy cleanup options take the stress
out of meal time with time saving no
fuss recipes ready in a snap I talk
about it every time I love hellofresh
it's fantastic products so many
delicious recipes regardless of how
experienced you are in cooking it's
great for you it's just fantastic I love
the service I'd recommend it to anyone
so go to hellofresh.com
face65 and use code face 65 for 65 off
plus free shipping that is hello
fresh.com face 65 and use code phase 65
for 65 off plus free shipping say it one
more time hellofresh.com
face65 and use code face 65 for 65 off
plus free shipping thank you
the sound of another sale on Shopify the
all-in-one Commerce platform to start
run and grow your business Shopify gives
entrepreneurs the resources once
reserved for big business so upstart
startups and established businesses
alike can sell everywhere synchronize
online and in-person sales and
effortlessly stay informed scaling your
business is a journey of endless
possibility believe me this podcast
started out selling T-shirts and today
we're selling grown tubes and we're not
stopping there because success is a
million Milestones on a forever evolving
path Shopify Powers millions of
businesses from first sale to full scale
reach customers online and across social
networks with an ever-growing Suite of
Channel Integrations and apps including
Facebook Instagram Tick Tock Pinterest
and more
synchronize your online and in-person
sales gain insights as you grow with
detailed reporting of conversion rates
profit margins and Beyond more than a
store Shopify grows with you this is
possibility powered by Shopify so go to
shopify.com face all lowercase for a
free 14-day trial and get full access to
shopify's entire Suite of features grow
your business with Shopify today go to
shopify.com slash face right now
shopify.com face
isn't it crazy that 2022 we have
high-speed internet celebrities go into
space and electric cars and yet people
are still cleaning their bums the way
our Victorian brothers and sisters did
with toilet paper step into the 21st
century and upgrade your bathroom
routine and start washing your bum with
hello Toshiba days because smearing your
business around with toilet paper is so
100 years ago hellotoshi is a fantastic
product it elevated my bathroom in so
many ways it's easy to install it's
fantastic so stop spreading your
business around your butthole with
toilet paper start washing with hello
tushy bidets the hello tissue bidet
attachment washes your bum with fresh
water for a way better clean than toilet
paper simply spray and Pat try it
attaches to your existing toilet no
electrician or plumber needed installs
in less than eight minutes cuts down
your tpus by 80 saving money and paper
waste make the restroom your best room
with the complete tushy System including
the tushy bidet attachment
Ottoman and toilet brush hella tushy has
cleaned over 1 million happy bumps join
them and take care of your business the
cleaner way we want all of our listeners
to have clean bumps visit hellotushy.com
face to get 10 off plus free shipping
right now Peg us and at hello Toshi on
social media so we can celebrate your
clean butt with you that's
hellotushy.com face for 10 off
[Music]
um do you do you guys anything else
because I had one other thing I mean one
small thing but yeah you could do yours
first no you do your small thing well I
okay I just I need to pull something for
it so if you want to go first okay uh so
I feel like everybody was excited about
uh
I was really excited about the end cap
contest and there was a lot of potential
a lot of possibility and I thought it
was a clever a clever contest and I uh I
feel like it had been a while since we'd
had something like that and I think
maybe that's part of part of what was so
exciting about it uh having a good good
old face uh competition going on and
then it kind of fell flat because it
turns out that Canada has wider end caps
than aisles right like like it would
have been harder to eat off the aisles
and ignore the impacts
because all the useful [__] is there
yeah which also kind of makes sense if
you think about it you go into a grocery
store you're in caps are where all the
important [__] uh is in Canada you don't
even have to go down the aisles so [__]
them uh it's just where all the bad
cereal is I guess uh but I wanna
competition I want to come
on uh
of actually I was reminded of an old uh
RvB bit
um that like a joke throwaway joke and
RvB about Griff eating uh based on the
alphabet and then Emily was like doesn't
Andrew have uh has that uh like Bingo
thing on his desk right
do you still have the Bingo machine
where you can I do bubbles that's in my
closet here's what I propose
what if we did a contest and it could be
one of us it could be all three of us I
like the idea of it not being me but uh
where we put 26 balls numbered one
through 26 into your bingo thing okay
and you pull one out and whatever number
you pull out there's a letter associated
with that number uh A through Z right so
you pull out okay the equivalent of the
letter L now for the next week you can
only eat food that begins with the
letter L
oh okay God you could have some bad
weeks you could have a lot of baked zinc
so what's the the goal would be to go
through all 26 so this would be a 26
week thing no the goal would just be
like that it's just that it's just a
random way to pick a letter so we could
just potentially pick three numbers and
we'll each take one and that's our food
for the week yeah potentially like Gavin
you could get B and you could be like oh
it's Burgers all week for Gavin and then
next best I can get X and I have to
re-pull because there's no food that's x
uh you know you could get C and be like
I guess I'm eating a lot of coconuts and
chicken you know cheese D it's like I
hope I like dumplings uh hey but you you
were just you're confined to anything
that starts with that letter okay so
just let's do an important qualifier
here okay if I pull C
could I have Grill can I have grilled
chicken or is that a g
yeah I think C is chicken
okay so any variation of it so if I had
teriyaki chicken that's still just
chicken the tea doesn't matter yeah okay
is that too easy there
if you guys see it's pretty [__] easy
it is pretty easy
what are you gonna do with an in
uh it's a lot of nigiri what if I think
this is a fun idea we could all new
potatoes there you go you can have them
yeah sure you can have nugs
[Laughter]
I really like this idea I know you don't
you ideally didn't want to be involved
with this Jeff but I think it would be
fun if we each had the poll like no I
agree I agree and what if we just do it
for the weekend this weekend
now weekend is too easy I think a full
week I think and this is a thing that we
could come back to in the future yeah I
think like the next time we record we
pull our numbers between that recording
on the next one we uh we I can show the
pictures of all the food fantastic idea
yeah do we want to do a thing where we
pick what letters are in the rotation
each of us I think it's got to be all of
them you want to put all the letters in
I'm just I like the idea of potentially
us picking like oh I really want P Pizza
I could live off of pizza easily that'd
be a great letter to have if I put it in
wanting it for myself but then Gavin
pulls pee
do you are you saying that we should
have the ability to eliminate letters
like a lot like yeah like Rainbow Six
Siege like you're like no nobody nobody
can play tachanka this game uh we voted
against it yeah like that kind of idea
or it could just be all of them I just
think there's a lot of choice we can
make as far as how we select these
letters and if we want because nobody
wants like an X
yeah uh apparently there's I found a
list of 19 foods that start with the
letter X oh well there you go what is
one of them this is a lapa punch
uh xantham gum
my favorite
oh Xavier soup oh I love an Xavier soup
the soup combines dumplings with chicken
stock that actually does a salty and
simple meal that's great yeah it's a
steak what's that dumplings and steaks
steak topped with Worcestershire sauce
asparagus beers swiss cheese and olive
oil that's less appealing but that might
be okay
uh CME
that sounds like a lot of Chinese food
dried shrimp that have been sun dried
and shrunk to the size of a thumbnail
the shrimp are added to a variety of
Asian dishes and okay
there's some stuff out there if we were
able to do it I'm gonna let you guys
know now I'm Banning like B or C I'm
gonna ban the most common letters if we
do the Banning otherwise uh I say we
just do the 26 letters
okay do you assume you want to do full
alphabet or do we want to do a thing
where we we pick letters to be in the
hopper I think philosophy I don't know I
have no idea I think I think full
alphabet full alphabet how how is this a
food xylitol is a chemical compound used
in many foods blah blah it can't be
consumed by humans it's highly toxic to
dogs you can't just have a cup of
Xylitol well you sounds like you
shouldn't
that's terrible
well let's just [__] pray nobody gets
Z well like I don't even know like foods
that begin with you what what can you
have uh
uh
what about so it has to be the food name
it can't be a restaurant right so if I
if I thought of a you place I couldn't
eat anything from there unagi is good I
mean I oh God this is brutal uh uh does
not get you
hahaha
you get to eat something called ugly
fruit
I feel like we should have the whole
alphabet in there and you get what you
get some people might get very lucky
yeah now okay so A variation of this
because let's say as I said if I get p i
could easily eat pizza every day of
every I could go a month on Pizza no
problem yeah can you use is there like a
cap on how many days you can use a
letter for like if you put P down is it
worth two days of the week and then you
have to switch to something else no I
think that over complicates it well
we're trying I think it's already kind
of complicated like we're drawing we're
drawing balls for letters and but that's
fair I just I just feel like it'll be
because that was the problem with the
end caps is that it wasn't funny because
it was easy
if we all have one easy letter
then I just that makes it funny though
if someone gets a b and someone gets a q
yeah like if if Gavin gets pee for pizza
and I get B for burgers and Andrew gets
q that is that Quince
okay well what about whale eggs
you have to eat something that is from
each letter you have to use all your
letters within the week what do you mean
if we all we well we're pulling three
letters each right no I thought we're
only pulling one letter are we only
playing letter we're pulling three
letters total we each could win was this
three got it I thought we were each
pulling that's where the confusion was I
thought we were each pulling three
letters because it was already confusing
I was like I don't think it is yeah
I had worked this a different I thought
we're gonna pull like three letters each
and then you'd have a choice between
those letters each day of what you can
use
see because I thought it would be like a
tension thing where oh [__] I pulled a z
in the first round I'm begging for like
a b give me a c in round two that's what
I thought in my head not that we'd each
only have one to work with I got it okay
I think one is funny
26 less what no it was not I think I
heard what you said created a completely
different more convoluted game in my
head and then was continuing off of that
premise yeah it's very straightforward
what you're saying so we just have to
apply so will a b one one a two B yeah I
think you just I think like that yeah
got it
I'll get that set up for next time we
record and we'll use the English
alphabet that'll make the most sense
yeah yeah can you guys think of an
experience that was cool but was
completely lost on you it would be cool
to a lot of other people but you would
like the wrong person to experience it
oh I've probably had a lot of those uh
yeah I'm trying to think of hmm like
impressive are you thinking like you
went vacationing somewhere or you saw
like some
for me recently I was just thinking I
was trying to remember like all the
stuff I've done in the last 10 years
because I hit uh 10 years at Rooster
Teeth I was like man we've done a lot of
stuff in that time and like our MLB 2012
video which was I think the first let's
play I was in after I came back was I
looked at it and it was you know two
million views or something and it just
literally said 10 years ago like not
nine it was like passed over to 10 I was
like Jesus I was thinking of some of the
other stuff I did and uh it's looking
back through my phone I was like oh wow
yeah I went to uh
I went to like a late night talk show
and I remember before like after I first
moved here I was watching more like talk
show content I'd see it pop up on
YouTube more I'd be like and I was
always confused I always got Jimmy
Fallon and Jimmy Kimmel mixed up and I
just could never picture the right one
in my head for for the longest time and
then I remembered I went I went to the
recording of one and I don't remember
which Jimmy it was
and I know I've been to one was it the
what are the names of the shows the late
show or the what's the other one uh I
have no idea the actual titles are The
Tonight Show with Jimmy Fallon or uh I
don't know the Jimmy Kimmel show I think
yeah and I just remember thinking like
man I used to get them mixed up and now
I can picture them in my head better but
I I know that I went to see a recording
and I have absolutely no idea which one
it was and I'm just thinking like that
would that that was an experience wasted
on me like it was a cool experience but
it I just took nothing away from it like
I don't even know who who I was seeing
and I was kind of embarrassed that I
went and that's the experience I've Come
Away with just wasted on me hmm I would
wager that like half of the video game
should I've been to uh like premieres or
like of launch events and stuff it's
just like at some point they just kind
of like
I don't know they just kind of all are
the same thing and then you're like this
would probably be a really cool like E3
like after the second time you go to E3
you're like man this would be a lot of
fun for somebody to come in my place who
hasn't been before because it's already
like wearing thin pretty quickly with me
you know yeah and there's definitely
been some experiences for me where my
cool experience was like an introduction
to that game or to that genre and I'm
not a fan of it at the time and then
because of that experience I'll look
into it and I'll get really into it and
I'll become a fan of the thing that I
was at before I was a fan and I'm like
damn now I would ask all these different
questions yeah you've experienced stuff
in the wrong order sometimes I have that
I have that with bands a lot or I used
to I don't go to shows anymore but I
would like see a band and not know who
they were or have heard of them but not
be into them like there's this band I
really like now one of my favorite bands
in my life this band called Hot Water
Music and I saw them play live and they
the lead singer got well there's two
lead singers but one of them got so
[__] drunk three songs in that he had
to sit on the ground and prop himself up
on a like
continue singing I was like this is
[__] dog [__] and these guys suck and
then six months later I was the biggest
fan of that band ever and there's been a
lot of a lot of those so it's like I
wish I could see them again and know the
lyrics and to the songs and appreciate
them you know
yeah
I'm trying to I'm sure I've had a lot of
those nothing comes to mind I've had
times
where maybe I didn't understand the
value of the experience yeah exactly so
like I had one where it was back when I
was just doing Achievement Hunter stuff
behind the scenes I went through a
phaser I was trying to get early game
copies for the office and I had
developed a contact at Sony and kind of
became friends with them like very
that's friends is a strong word but we
communicated and was friendly and then I
got an email randomly saying that I was
invited to PlayStations behind the
scenes E3 showcase that year and I had
no plans on going D3 it was back when
Rooster Teeth would go to E3 and so I
forwarded it forwarded it to Trevor I
believe I I don't remember who I said I
sent to someone that's like hey I got
invited to this thing do you want like
do we want to cover this does somebody
in the office want to go in my place
because we have an invite I just can't
I'm obviously not going and it was like
yeah sure well we could reach out to
them so then I emailed the pr person
back at Sony and the vibe I got was very
much much like no we don't just give
these away we can't just no you can't
just give your invite to somebody else
like I think they took it as like this
very uh prestigious like exciting thing
to be part of that you would see these
games and so for me to write back cool
can I give this to somebody else they
were not thrilled with that response and
I never got a reply back on it was
essentially just yeah we do not like
we're gonna have to talk to about if
we're okay with this and I never heard
past that point but that is an
experience where I just I thought it was
like sort of an open invite type thing
and I think it was more behind closed
doors than I realized companies that
value themselves very highly are
incredibly easy to piss off yeah
foreign
I have pissed off a few companies in my
day uh yeah that's that's definitely
true hey I realized something that we
didn't talk about yet that we probably
should [__] talk about and just
completely slipped my mind uh we had our
first office day oh yeah we did we had
an office there to mention that yeah and
it was wildly successful I thought I
thought it was a lot of fun I didn't
really honestly know what to expect
going into it I'm excited for the next
one because I feel like I have a better
idea for it and uh I can plan more
accordingly yeah so like the way it
worked is we you know I had this idea I
presented it to y'all y'all loved it
Eric took it to face Jam another podcast
on the network they did it first and
then bragged constantly about how
successful it was and how they came up
with a bunch of new shows and so but I
thought put a lot of pressure on us oh
definitely 100 and I'm sure nobody else
on Earth felt the pressure but us
us and probably Gavin didn't feel it at
all but I certainly did I'm like these
[__] took her idea and they're
gonna do it better than us now now we
gotta we gotta outperform I just think
you're a cooler customer I don't think
you're affected by stuff I'm so I'm so
nervous about the show did I tell you
about the freak out I had a couple of
weeks ago no no you know like when you
when you have a little bit of anxiety
and you wake up from something that
usually you'll be able to fall back
asleep to but instead your brain just
starts thinking in insane Loops I woke
up extremely worried about how I
couldn't put my finger on the fact that
this show I couldn't I couldn't figure
out why this show works
I was like we're making it and it's good
and I don't know how we're doing it
freaking out because I couldn't like put
it into words like
what what's working about it like what
are the pitfalls to avoid how like when
is it gonna become [__] and like people
don't like it anymore
that's freaking out
oh man well that's terrible I love how
passionate you are about this this uh
shell and um I uh I share your
trepidation and your fears I've
constantly I'm nervous about about my
face uh it really does feel like somehow
we captured lightning in a bottle and I
honestly it's best just not to think
about it
if at all possible but but to go back I
certainly wasn't trying to insult you in
any way that you don't care about space
I just feel like you're you're just a
cooler customer you're more unflappable
you know like you're harder to get under
your skin about this kind of stuff you
know what it felt like to me Jeff what's
up with the Eric thing in the face it
would be like if we had just invented
basketball and he immediately showed us
Steph Curry
I was like we just had this basic idea
of how this could work and that it might
be beneficial and immediately oh yeah no
we did amazing we did all these amazing
things he's like yeah I really like the
electric ball in the basket here's a
windmill dunk yeah
I mean well we're trying to staple the
hoop to the backwards yeah exactly
how do you think
you make a ball out of paper
so but let's run through it so we had it
and um I felt very good about it uh we
agreed to be at work at a certain time
and then we zoomed in uh Andrew I got
there a little early I grabbed the white
board and first off okay but by the way
there's some there's there was some
subtle uh whiteboard aggression going on
that I I feel like I gotta call out we
talked about it in uh sausage talk oh
yeah well that never mind I won't talk
about it because you'll have to listen
to sausage talk we should probably talk
about what that is so uh grab the
Whiteboard wrote down a bunch of ideas
for like merch and thought starters and
just like directions we want to go
things things that are like like
dangling [__] that's dangling out there
that we need to like tie a bow on and
figure out and then everybody came in
and we sat around well first off Gavin
showed up a little later Eric and Andrew
and I had the funniest conversation I've
ever had I don't remember what it was
but I just remember thinking like we got
to stop talking because this is
I remember what it is I actually have it
in my notes for a thing to talk about
because it's a topic that I've had you
you and Eric unknowingly put a whole
different angle on it I thought I
previously had that I've talked to Gavin
about
I feel like being able to see a place
and this kind of sounds
counterproductive but being able to see
a place makes me want to visit it more
than if we were in a time period in
which that thing would just have to be
described and my example of this is you
know that place in Greece where it's
like all the the white houses and like
the blue roofs yeah yeah like to see
that visually beautiful if you met
somebody who traveled all that way let's
say they had to like take a boat like
this is planes maybe not around in a
world in which travel is difficult they
went there came back and tried to
explain why you needed to go there's no
way they could sell me on it yeah white
houses and blue I could do that like I
could just paint my house stuff because
there's nothing impressive about that so
I was gonna it made me wonder how far
would I be willing to travel for
something like that and honestly
probably not more than four blocks I
wouldn't go further it's gonna take a
lot if you just describe a landmark to
me it's gonna be very difficult for me
to be willing to leave my city
that was uh maybe okay so when when Jeff
and I were in Belgium we went through an
Alleyway that was the best smelling
Alleyway we'd ever smelled probably some
waffles uh this is like an old story
from the old Pocus
how far would you travel to smell the
best Alleyway that you've ever smelled
I've got it no I don't know about that
food is definitely more of a needle
mover for me 100 but I'm thinking like
it smells pretty goddamn good outside my
hubby's Bagel sometimes like I don't I
don't feel like I'm like you got good
you got good smell I feel like I got
good smells in my area I'm telling you
this would blow it out of the water yeah
he's not kidding dude like I think I
still think about it sometimes without
hyperbole like not being silly it was
like it was Unreal and it might have
been like
it might have been like the most
satisfied I've ever been in my life in a
moment was in that Alleyway just looking
left and looking right and it smelled
just as good in both directions and I
can't even put into words the smell of
this is like Old World mixed with waffle
mixed with whatever the [__] else is in
Belgium it was like it was it was I
would fly there again just to go to that
Alleyway I feel like my heart could
smell it yeah yeah you won't even smell
it with your nose right you responded
with your you were smelling it with your
spirit yeah
I would I would go to the next town over
oh to smell that Alleyway I'm not
leaving my Province or state but I would
go one town over for that that sounds
pretty good but whatever you're also a
person who doesn't like going downstairs
so I feel like that's pretty good well
no no no not necessarily I'm open to it
I just need an experience that moves me
that sounds moving I could go there
once the stairs also you're you're like
creating an additional hurdle once I get
past the stairs I'm willing to go
wherever it's just this is me to go
through the stair no I'll go I'll go way
beyond that but what got it changed what
I had never considered and this is what
was so [__] funny I don't remember
what it was called but Eric was showing
Jeff what these it was like a type of
long dog it was a dog breed that is so
weird especially Eric loves those the
he's a big fan of the long dogs and it
turned into a conversation of like what
if your point of reference for Animals
was was very simplistic and being like
seeing a giraffe and being like you
would not believe the [__] dog I saw
I would travel the globe if somebody
described to me an animal that they
encountered that I could see if they
were like you will not believe this
[__] horse and it's a giraffe I'm all
in about that that moves me that yeah
that's wherever for that that's what it
was Eric just tried to describe like how
to describe an elephant to somebody
who's never heard of or seen an elephant
before you're like no trust me it's as
big as a house it's as big and it's nose
touches the ground and its ears its ears
are like its ears are the size of three
men standing next to each other and
you'll be like you're [__] crazy that
doesn't exist Andrew how far would you
travel for to see a chair there's an
animal that looked exactly like a wooden
chair imagine like the first the
cheapest chair in The Sims but it was
like a sentient creature how would you
how far would you go to see that
walking around I'm eating oh I'm we're
going on about I don't care
I'm getting on a boat for that I will go
to a different part of the world to see
the chair animal 100 percent
I will be so mad the entire time I'm on
the boat I'll be like Jim better not
have [__] lied about what they're
saying is I'm gonna be so goddamn mad I
make it to Ireland and there's no
goddamn chair animals well I think that
the fear we had on that office Day
morning that what we were creating was
content uh was founded because this was
clearly content uh about I would you say
like a half an hour into the thing we
decided just to record uh what we were
talking about and and kind of in the
spirit of uh Eric's Eric Eric's job
supplement yeah that we made where it
was just Eric trying to schedule us for
26 minutes so we recorded about an hour
and 15 minutes of us just like office
talk and uh we called it uh we decided
that like this is either gonna be
episode the next episode of [__] face or
it's gonna be its own show uh I think it
was different enough to be its own show
but yeah we uh we described it as like a
pier behind the veil or like
getting to see how the sausage is made
and then Gavin didn't understand that
reference so it became sausage talk
and so I think we've got a new show
coming out at some point called sausage
talk that's just us talking about like I
guess the behind the scenes [__] yeah
it's it's a weird thing because I don't
think it was necessarily all that funny
but I think it's an interesting insight
into it's also the very first production
meeting we've ever had for face anything
yes it's kind of fun that that was
recorded we didn't want it to be an
episode of Face just because we got the
disadvantage of we're all in the same
room except for Andrew yeah I remember
going home from that and remembering the
name sausage talk and I was trying I was
trying to remember the phrase that it
came from because I kept forgetting it
and I was like what was it this is like
peek behind the sausage
like you have to move a sausage
uh so anyway I don't know when it's
coming out it may already be out uh
maybe out before this episode yeah but
there is supplemental content either
that just hit or that's coming called
sausage talk I guess we'll record one
every office day so once a month so
that'll be 12 of those a year unless
we're using office day for something
like the pizza video or or hitting
baseballs or or like or MVP which is
coming I think next week actually oh no
it's not because nope yeah what was
meant to be it was meant to be tomorrow
but then we realized that big Uno stream
is tomorrow yeah yeah
uh so uh also uh we promised uh at some
point in in space that y'all would do a
like your recap of your experience of
survive Block Island together and so
after we filmed sausage talk episode one
volume one year one we filmed uh that
and I I'll say no more about that other
than it was I think it went about 45
minutes was that interesting at all
because I felt very in my own head about
that I wasn't sure if I was clear at all
I thought I think she convoluted that no
no I think it is and I think Eric felt
it was very interesting and I think
because I asked him the same question uh
because you and I like the three of us
were like involved in the production so
we were pretty in the weeds with it and
you it's kind of hard to sell seductive
sometimes we were pretty we were deep in
the sausage we were we were we were
knee-deep in the sausage weeds and uh
Eric assured me that it was pretty good
I I do think that we wrapped it up at
about the right time I do feel like it
it if it had gone on much longer it
would have it would have started to drag
I feel like it is one of the few things
we've made as this face team where it
wouldn't stand alone as a piece of
content like you actually need to have
seen survive Block Island I think and if
you listen to it every every second of
that series will be spoiled so make sure
you watch it first if you have any
interest in watching it yeah I only have
one regret from that recording there's
one thing I I should have brought up
that I I completely forgot about but
maybe we'll talk about that later
talk about it next sausage you could do
an add-on a little pickup nah I don't
think it's worth it's like a weird it's
weird that we didn't mention it but not
worth it being an add-on I'll talk to
you about it after we record all right
all right uh speaking of should we stop
yeah I guess we should wrap up this is
fun this is a really relaxed nice hour
it was really great catching up with the
two of you Eric got off lightly by not
being here because uh unfortunately
extra medium was gonna come up again
based on some stuff I've read in the
comments of this podcast so thanks to
all the comment levers who have
filled me in over something he was
saying on face jam and we will be taking
that up with him
I have dude I'm excited because I have
no idea what it is but I do know that
Eric is [__] over the extra medium
talk which only only makes me want to
dive deeper into it
so good and uh I guess this will be the
last one of these we record for because
we're not doing next week right but
we'll do the following week yeah I
believe that's correct too I imagine I
assume so uh love you both dearly uh
Gavin have a fantastic vacation Andrew
uh I hope you uh don't have to travel as
far as four blocks if you don't want to
and uh we'll see you guys uh next time
on face
bye that felt weird the buy felt weird
that was a weird shot that was a weird
bite Gavin typically goes by and then I
think to myself I should say bye but I
never say anything you said I was trying
as if you would you were just sitting
down in a lounger it's very guttural to
me it was like it was it was low it was
gotta roll you're right
it's like I'm gonna just shut up it's
like
what that buy was your dad goes to work
all day long he works in a factory he
comes home he's no [__] fun at the
end of the day he sits down he's eating
his dinner and you're and your mom is
like I'm gonna go play Bingo or with my
friends and he's like bye and he like
raises him like I don't give a [__] get
out I'm so [__] done with these
people and this yeah I would apply that
to someone like uh remember Jeff when we
would record an entire let's play and
then the pile go out and we'd lose every
single piece and then we'd have to sit
down again to record it immediately it
was it was a buy from that sort of
mindset yeah should I try it again can I
try to do different a proper Gavin buy
yeah let's have a recipe in the moment
Redemption why are you making this about
me because you have a very distinctive
buy I'm gonna I'm gonna try to hit it
okay by the way you're very
self-conscious this episode buddy
well you stepped over Gavin's laugh try
it again
a little loud what is that gonna be on
his thoughts of Discord I'm only hearing
I yeah you're cut you get the beginning
he's getting cut off okay so I'm gonna
talk a little bit and I'm gonna
immediately trip bye
that sounds like that is like you're
crossing the road and a car has like
come up the curve a little bit and
you're like
and they're going very fast and all you
can hear is bye
I give up I Surrender
oh goodbye stop dude don't do it that
way it's weird
it's creeping me out bye bye bye now
that was a weird one really who's now
they're demanded it's fine hey guys
Major League fan Jack here with a look
at next week's episode of face once
again the guys couldn't be bothered to
record an episode so here are some
predictions the hockey teeth are fixed
where did we put the tuxedo Jeff heard
himself whacking balls Gavin isn't here
anymore Hinton is well on his way to
half a million Eric is flustered and
once again Andrew does not eat the
pencil all that and more on next week's
episode of